Hi, Gina?
Yes!
Welcome to the Vivint
Smart Home Arena.
Thank you.
Thanks for coming out.
Yeah, we are very excited
to be here.
Ready to get started?
Yeah.
Follow me.
Let's check it out.
♪♪
Brendan!
Yes!
Hey.
♪♪
So, what temperature was it
in Australia, buddy?
About 35, I think, yeah.
That's Celsius, though.
So, what, a hundred and
something?
This definitely wasn't
happening.
Yeah, we definitely have to
get you a coat.
I'm feeling the need now
for sure.
It's right here.
♪♪
We have to make
this space not look
like the Vivint
Smart Home Arena.
But we can make it work.
Make it look like a living room
in Australia.
This will be good, thank you.
But we probably
shouldn't use that,
because she might think
that we're in Paris.
So how far up is
this going to go?
Uh, it's going to go up
about eight feet
because we heard that
most walls are eight feet high
in Australia, so...
[laughing]
Okay, so right now we are headed
right over to the Arena
because Kendal's
going to get there any minute
and we've got to get you
set up for the reveal.
Sweet.
Some more clothes maybe as well.
Yeah.
We gotta get you some clothes
for sure,
a coat, something warm.
♪♪
Hey, um, how's he going
to get past this?
Because he has to enter in
on that side.
We have two other curtains.
Maybe we can make it in
the center or something.
That sounds good.
♪♪
How's that look?
Uh, looks good to me.
That's perfect right there.
Oh, actually, I've gotta go.
Can you, um, can you finish
hanging this picture?
Of course.
I've gotta go meet Kendal.
Okay.
Bye!
Hi, Kendal?
Yup.
Hi, I'm Gina.
Hi.
Nice to meet you.
This is Emilie.
Hi.
Hi, Emilie.
Nice to meet you.
I'm with Jazz media and
we're all just going to--
just be yourselves.
We're just going to
follow you around,
take some pictures,
if that's all right.
Yeah, we'll just give you
a little tour,
is that okay?
And we'll have the cameras
on our faces the entire time?
Unfortunately.
[laughing]
That's cool.
All right.
Will: So how does it feel when
people call you a hero
and just kind of praise you?
Brendan: Yeah, I guess it's
a bit like surreal.
Will: Well it's nice to know
that you were presented
with a situation
and you did something
that could help, right?
That's right, it had
a positive outcome.
It's good.
So this is the visiting
team's locker room,
as you can see, we're playing
the Mavericks tonight
and they have their banner up.
This is the tunnel that the guy
use to get out onto the court
and we have some people
to meet you.
[all greeting]
This is Kendal.
[all saying hi]
How do you spell it?
Kendal.
Me too!
Really?
You're the first person
I've ever met
that spells it like that.
We're just going to run our
routines a little more
if you want to come up.
Does that work?
Okay.
♪♪
[applause]
Will: Yeah, those clothes are
much better for the weather.
I feel much better.
Okay, hold on.
We want to make sure
not to be seen.
We gotta get you upstairs.
Yeah, let's do it.
Cool.
♪♪
Get down, get down,
get down, get down!
I'm just kidding, man.
One, two, three!
Will: How much do you know about
what's going on today?
Uh, I don't know anything.
I had a phone call a couple of
weeks ago and now I'm here.
Okay, well, you're going to
be part of the pre-game show.
All right.
Um, can you get the Jazz
symbol behind them too?
Will: Thurl and Alema are going
to be meeting with Kendal
and they're going
to bring you in
on a live feed from Australia.
Then, there's going to be
technical difficulties
and I'm going to come out
and be like "This isn't working,
let's actually bring
him out here,"
and then you'll pop
out of the curtain.
It's going to be awesome.
Cool.
One, two, three.
Got it.
Perfect.
Awesome!
Thanks for coming!
Um, if we're going to sit for
a little while longer
and watch for
a little bit longer,
is that cool?
Is that cool with you guys
for just a little bit longer?
Perfect.
Gotta stall a little bit.
So Kendal is going to be here
and then over here,
we actually recreated your
living room in Australia.
We matched everything
perfectly, I think.
What do you think?
Nothing like it.
What?
It'll do, but...
It'll do.
Do you want to try out
your couch, maybe?
How's that feel, is it comfy?
I like it.
Okay, well Kendal should
be here very shortly
so you're going to hang out
back here
and then I'll go figure out
what's going on out there.
Thank you.
[man on radio]: Okay everyone,
Brendan's in place,
let's test the monitor.
Okay, let's clear everyone
from here, please.
[man on radio]: Let's get Will
mic'ed and set up with a walkie
Emilie: So tell me a little bit,
I mean, do you mind?
Kendal: No, I don't mind at all.
I pulled off the side of the
road to take a picture
and someone had fallen asleep
and ran right into me,
threw me like 30 feet
and when I landed,
he stopped his car
on top of me,
pinning me to the ground.
Emilie: Oh my gosh!
Kendal: And so if he didn't get
the car off of me,
I would die.
Oh, man.
That's crazy.
So what are your goals
in the future?
To walk.
♪♪
Someone please check
on Brendan's mic.
♪♪
All right, here we go.
Okay, you guys ready?
Now we can head upstairs
to level five.
Gina: If you guys have ever
watched a game on T.V.,
we have a T.V. set
so we're going to
show you that.
That's cool.
[man on radio]: Okay, let's
do our final check.
♪♪
Brendan is set
and ready to go.
It's going down,
it's happening!
So we've got a couple people
I want you to meet,
I think you've met
one of them before,
Thurl Bailey and
Alema Harrington so come on up!
How are you?
I'm good, how about you?
Good to see you again.
You too!
I love your suit!
Do you?
That's cute.
I love that suit too.
Thank you.
Good to see you.
You too.
You doing good?
Good, and had you met
Alema before?
Hi, Kendal.
Alema Harrington.
I'm the host of
Jazz Game Night.
Okay.
We're so glad that
you're here.
Would you be okay
if we did, like,
just a quick,
just quick interview?
Just for an opportunity
to kind of tell
just a brief part
of your story,
would you
do that with us?
Sure.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yes, you're the best.
Do we have an audio guy?
Hey Brian, can we
get the mic?
It's going to be awesome.
Brian, good to meet you.
Can I get this mic on you?
You're kind to do this thing.
Yeah, thank you very much.
Stand by.
Brendan's here,
Kendal's right there.
Perfect.
We good?
Is this spot good?
Okay, so here's the deal,
okay?
We actually knew
you were coming
and we did something special
because we have a live feed
from Canberra, Australia.
How would you like to say hi
to Brendan?
[cheering]
There he is, live feed from
Canberra, Australia,
and Brendan, it's so good
to have you on this show
and of course
Kendal is here.
I'm having a hard time--
are you hearing him?
I can't hear him.
[all talking]
Sometimes this happens.
Is there an issue?
We can't hear him.
I'm not sure if he
can hear us.
Bailey: It's quite a distance.
This happens sometimes.
How cool is that, though?
The volume is up.
I'm not sure exactly
what's going on.
Give me one second.
Sorry.
This is what happens
sometimes on T.V.
Oh, guys, so sorry.
I figured it out.
So we're actually on a show
called Random Acts
where we do kind things for
inspirational people
like you, Kendal, people who
have perservered
in spite of the
many difficulties
that they've
been through,
and you've never met him
in person, right?
Nope.
So Brendan, can you
come out here?
What?
Are you freaking serious?
[laughing]
Oh my gosh.
Why?
Hi!
Nice to meet you finally.
You too.
Hey Brendan, how are you?
Good to see you again!
Doing good.
Wow, you're here!
Will: This is probably
kind of a surprise.
Yeah.
Like I said, we all know
your story,
we are all so impressed with
you and there's one more thing,
Dad wanted to present
something to Brendan.
Brendan, you were home
when your buddies were
expecting you at the gym.
You wasting time at home
saved Kendal, gave us time.
It's not much, but my friends
at Rockwell
have given us this
for us to give to you
as a thank-you for giving us
time back with our daughter.
On the inside, we've had it
engraved and it says "KBL,"
Kendal Briquel Levine,
"September 5, 2014.
Thank you
for giving us time."
That's so-- I wouldn't have
had two thoughts about it.
Whichever hand you--
Just this one, yeah.
Very nice.
That is rockin'.
Yeah.
Beautiful.
[all talking]
Thank you for being such
an inspiration
and you for being such
an inspiration.
Will: I feel like a group hug
coming on.
Bring it in.
Emilie: Close the circle.
Harrington: What a
beautiful moment.
Will: That is our show,
ladies and gentlemen,
big thanks to Alema Harrington
and Thurl Bailey
and the Utah Jazz, everybody,
Random Acts on three,
one, two, three, Random Acts!
An idea just popped
into my head.
You know what would
be a-maize-ing?
If you subscribed
to this channel.
Now, we are not going to
a-salt you if you don't.
And we don't want
to sound too corny.
But, go ahead
and just move your little finger
and click on the
subscribe button.
Do it.
Come on.